In this new project i like to make an plug-in replacement for the current CPU (cpu.py)
Where the current CPU follows a strict von Neumann architecture, the new architecture CPU-m1 should use an pipe-line architecture.
The new CPU file is called cpu-m1.py.

the new CPU-m1 is reusing the most of the current cpu logic, what keeps the ´binary' compatibility for the plug-in replacement


the cpu's tick method is the primalry change for this, (right?)


where the current CPU runs one 'robot' for the van neumann cycles, the new CPU needs tree 'robots'

one robot for fetching an instrcution. stores the result in the MIR register.
This robot is only fetching when the decode robot not stalls


other robot for decoding, it reads the MIR register an decodes the instruction.
then it stores the instrcution into the instruction execution buffer.
this instrcution execution buffer can hold 4 instructions, whn the buffer is full, the decoder robot signals a stall to the fetching robot

the last robot executes the instructions from the instruction execution buffer.
it pops the instrcution from the buffer, and performs the ucode instructions per clockcycle (one per tick-call)

when the whole instruction is executed (this can take 1 to 8 ucode insctructions) the executer checks if the PC is changed (jmp/call/ret/int/rti..)
If so, then it will flush the instrcution execution buffer, resets the MIR register, set the PC to the right adres for the next fetch

it also set the state from EXECUTE to IDLE to give the interrupt time to interrupt. when there is no interrupt the executer robot will start to execute again 
(set the state to EXECUTE) on the next cycle when there is one waiting in the instrcution execution buffer.


When an interrupt is pending, the pipe-line must be flushed, and the CPU/interrrupt controler is starting the ISR 
after an return from interrupt, the pipe-line must be flushed also, and the PC must be restet to the correct address. (importent to take care of)


The robots a running in the tick method:

first tne executer robot checks if the is an instruction waiting in the instrcution execution buffer
set the robot status from IDLE to EXECUTE, and start execution (this can take multiple ticks)

second, the deocder robot checks the buffer, if an slot is free, it unstalls the FETCH robot and read the MIR, decodes the insctruction
pushes the insctruction and PC (and arguments offcourse) into the instruction execution buffer
checks if the buffer is full, if so it stalls the FETCH robot (this takes one tick)

third, the fetching robot checks if it is stalled, if so do nothing, otherwise, fetches the instrcution.
place the result into the MIR register and increment the PC


And do not forgett the create an debug mode